Onboarding, adding integrations- update (#33967)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/getting-started/integration.markdown

---
Let's start by adding your first {% term integration %}. In this tutorial, we will use the **Workday** integration. It can be used to automated based on workdays, days off, or holidays. No smart device is needed for this tutorial.

## Prerequisites

This tutorial assumes that you have [installed Home Assistant](/installation/) and have at least completed the [onboarding steps](/getting-started/onboarding/).

## Adding integrations

1. Go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}.
   - The integrations page shows all the integrations you have already installed. Some of them were installed automatically.
   - If devices were discovered in your network, you will see them in the **Discovered** section.

   ![Screenshot of the integrations page, with discovered devices](/images/getting-started/integrations_page_discovered.png)
  
2. If there are any devices discovered for you, you can add them now.
   - Under **Discovered**, on the integration, select **Configure**.
   - Follow the steps in the UI, if additional configuration is required.
   - If you do not see any devices discovered, don't worry, we will add an integration in the next step.

> 3. In the bottom right corner, select **Add integration**.

Author: ```suggestion
3. In the bottom right-corner, select **Add integration**.
```

   ![Screenshot of the workday integration details page](/images/getting-started/workday_sensor_details.png)

2. Select **Service**, to open the service info page.
   - In the **Logbook**, you see the timeline of that sensor.
   - Under **Sensors**, you see all the sensors an integration provides. Here, we have only one, but if you have a climate device, for example, you might see temperature, humidity, and battery status here.
   - You also see that **Workday** is not used (yet) in any {% term automations %}, {% term scripts %}, or {% term scenes %}.

   ![Screenshot of the workday sensor info page](/images/getting-started/workday_service_info.png)
3. Select **Entity**, to open the list of entities.
   - Although your Home Assistant already has many entities, you see only 1 entry in the entities table.
   - This is because it is [filtered](/docs/organizing/tables#filtering-items-in-a-table).
   - You see the entity ID, which consist of the domain (a technical term for device type) and the entity name, in the following format: `domain.entity_name`.

   ![Screenshot of the entities list, filtered for workday](/images/getting-started/workday_entities_list.png)

> ## Making changes to the integration

Author: ```suggestion
## Modifying the integration
```

1. To change the name, select the three dots {% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %} menu, and select **Rename**.

   ![Screenshot of the entities list, filtered for workday](/images/getting-started/workday_three_dots.png)
2. You can also add another Workday sensor. For example, to check if tomorrow is a workday.
   - Select **Add entry**, give it a name and define your options.
   - To check if tomorrow is a workday, under **Offset**, enter `1`.
   - You can also add different sensors for different countries, for example if you want to know when your colleagues have a holiday.
3. That's it! {% icon "mdi:party-popper" %}
   - {% icon "mdi:checkbox-outline" %} You now have an overview of the integration page, and know there to find the integration details page, the sensor info page, and the entities table.

>    - {% icon "mdi:checkbox-outline" %} You learned how to rename your integration, how to make changes to it and how to delete it.

Author: ```suggestion
   - {% icon "mdi:checkbox-outline" %} You learned to rename, to modify, and how to delete an integration.
```
